    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Ascribes meaning to tags in HTML.
    2. What is HTML used for?
	HTML is a markup language used to display data in graphic form.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	Attributes give additional information about elements
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	The h1 tag is used for the most important heading and should be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	The 'img' tag and the 'a' tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
 	The 'body' tag and the rest of your HTML is put in the head.
    7. What is an id?
	Is an attribute to specify a unique element. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
	A unique id can be added to any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
	Only once. 
    10. What is a class?
	 Classes are used to specify elements. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	 Any element can have a class.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
	 Multiple times. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	 In your <a href> tag include the attribute target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	 Provide alternative text for the image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
	'#' then the id right after, no spaces.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	A 'div' is a container that helps group HTML together for styling whereas 'section' is a container for grouping HTML for context or search.
    17. What is CSS used for?
	CSS spices up your HTML. Actually, is used to describe how HTML should be displayed.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	In CSS, you type in the element you want followed by {}.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	Classes can be a group of elements that I can style at once, as opposed to an id, which would only allow me to style that unique id.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	In CSS you type a period before the class right after '.yourclass' 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p .human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
	When you are tryling to style specific elements that are nested in other elements.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	You would type a .sidebar {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	Use the CSS line-height property.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	Use the CSS line-spacing property.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	Use the CSS text-transform property.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	
	div {border-color: black;
     	     border-style: dotted;
     	     border-width: 1px; 
	}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	You type '*' as your selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	Type /* your comment *\
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
	In command line you type 'pwd'.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	You type in 'ls' the letter l and the letter s.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm <file name> you can accidentally delete the wrong file or delete an entire directory.
    34. Why should I use version control?
	Keep track of revisions of code.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	Anytime you make a change.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push -u origin
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Fork repo on github
	git clone command to insert forked url
	git checkout -b to create branch
	git add to commit changes
	git commit -m "helpful commit message"
	git push -u origin <branch-name> 
	Pull request from your forked copy and submit link to canvas
	
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 